README.md, before:

# plwr

`plwr` (prounounced [_PLUR_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PLUR)) is a Playwright CLI for browser automation using CSS selectors. Built on [playwright-rs](https://github.com/padamson/playwright-rust).

```bash
plwr start                     # Started session 'default'
plwr open https://example.com
plwr text h1                   # Example Domain
plwr attr a href               # https://iana.org/domains/example
plwr stop                      # Stopped session 'default'
```

## Install

### Homebrew

```bash
brew install andreasjansson/tap/plwr
```

### Crates.io

```bash
cargo install plwr
```

### Dependencies

Requires Playwright:

```bash
npm install -g playwright && npx playwright install chromium
```

For video conversion to non-webm formats, install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/).

## Usage

Start a browser session, navigate, interact, and stop:

```bash
plwr start                      # start headless browser
plwr open https://example.com   # navigate to URL
plwr text h1                    # Example Domain
plwr stop                       # shut down browser
```

### Environment variables

| Variable | Effect |
|----------|--------|
| `PLAYWRIGHT_HEADED` | Set to any value to run the browser with a visible window |
| `PLWR_SESSION` | Default session name (default: `default`) |
| `PLWR_TIMEOUT` | Default timeout in ms (default: `5000`) |

All commands take `-S`/`--session` and `-T`/`--timeout` as global options,
which override the environment variables.

### Starting and stopping

`start` launches the browser. All other commands require a running session.
Use `--headed` (or the `PLAYWRIGHT_HEADED` env var) to show the browser window.

```bash
plwr start                             # headless
plwr start --headed                     # visible browser window
plwr start --video recording.mp4       # record video of session
plwr stop                              # shut down (saves video if recording)
```

Commands that interact with page content (`text`, `click`, `wait`, `eval`,
etc.) require a page to be open first via `plwr open`. Commands that configure
the session (`header`, `viewport`) work before any page is opened.

### Navigation

`open` navigates the current page within the existing browser context. Headers,
cookies, and other state are preserved across navigations. There is no separate
`goto` command — `open` always reuses the same context. If you need a fresh
context, use `plwr stop` followed by `plwr start` and `plwr open`.

```bash
plwr open "https://example.com"
plwr reload
plwr url
```

### Waiting

```bash
plwr wait .my-element
plwr wait-not .loading-spinner -T 10000
plwr wait-any '.success' '.error' '.timeout'   # prints first match
plwr wait-all '.header' '.sidebar' '.content'
```

### Interaction

All interaction commands (`click`, `fill`, `hover`, `check`, etc.) auto-wait
for the element to appear and become actionable before performing the action,
up to the timeout (`-T`, default 5000ms). You rarely need an explicit
`plwr wait` before an interaction — just use the interaction directly:

```bash
plwr click '#submit-btn'                 # waits for button, then clicks
plwr fill '#name-input' 'Alice' -T 10000 # waits up to 10s, then fills
```

```bash
plwr click '#submit-btn'
plwr fill '#name-input' 'Alice'
plwr press Enter
plwr press Control+c
plwr dblclick '.editable-cell'   # double-click
plwr hover '.dropdown-trigger'   # hover (for tooltips, menus)
plwr focus '#search'             # focus an element
plwr blur '#email'               # unfocus an element
plwr scroll '.footer'            # scroll element into view
```

Supported keys for `press`: `a`–`z`, `A`–`Z`, `0`–`9`, `Backspace`, `Tab`,
`Enter`, `Escape`, `Space`, `Delete`, `Insert`, `ArrowUp`, `ArrowDown`,
`ArrowLeft`, `ArrowRight`, `Home`, `End`, `PageUp`, `PageDown`, `F1`–`F12`,
`Control`, `Shift`, `Alt`, `Meta`, and any US keyboard character
(`` !@#$%^&*()_+-=[]{}\\|;:'",./<>?`~ ``). Chords use `+`: `Control+c`,
`Shift+Enter`, `Meta+a`.

### Checkboxes and radios

```bash
plwr check '#agree-terms'        # check a checkbox or radio
plwr uncheck '#newsletter'       # uncheck a checkbox
```

### Select dropdowns

```bash
plwr select '#country' us               # select by value
plwr select '#country' --label 'Canada' # select by visible text
plwr select '#colors' red green blue    # multi-select
```

### Querying

Like interaction commands, `text`, `attr`, `inner-html`, and `input-value`
auto-wait for the element to appear before reading its value.

```bash
plwr text h1                     # print textContent
plwr inner-html '.content'       # print innerHTML (preserves tags)
plwr attr a href                 # print attribute value
plwr input-value '#email'        # print value of input/textarea/select
plwr computed-style '.box' display width  # print computed CSS properties
plwr count '.list-item'          # print number of matches
plwr exists '.sidebar'           # exit 0 if found, 1 if not
```

### Headers

Set extra HTTP headers sent with every request. Headers persist across
navigations within the same session. Can be set before or after `open`.

```bash
plwr header CF-Access-Client-Id "$CLIENT_ID"
plwr header CF-Access-Client-Secret "$CLIENT_SECRET"
plwr open "$WORKER_URL"          # headers sent automatically
plwr header --clear              # remove all extra headers
```

### Cookies

```bash
plwr cookie session_id abc123    # set on current page's URL
plwr cookie token xyz --url https://example.com
plwr cookie --list               # list all cookies as JSON
plwr cookie --clear              # remove all cookies
```

### Viewport

```bash
plwr viewport 1280 720          # desktop
plwr viewport 375 667           # iPhone SE
```

### File uploads

```bash
plwr input-files 'input[type=file]' photo.png
plwr input-files '#upload' a.txt b.txt c.txt   # multiple files
plwr input-files '#upload'                      # clear selection
```

### Console logs

Capture browser console output (log, warn, error, info, debug). Messages
are automatically captured from page load onward, including messages logged
before your code runs.

```bash
plwr console                     # print all captured messages as JSON
plwr console --clear             # clear the log buffer
```

Each entry includes `level`, `ts` (timestamp in ms), and `args` (array of
stringified arguments).

### Computed styles

```bash
plwr computed-style h1                          # all computed styles as JSON
plwr computed-style '.box' display width color  # specific properties
```

### JavaScript

Simple expressions are evaluated directly:

```bash
plwr eval "document.title"
plwr eval "({a: 1, b: [2, 3]})"   # returns pretty-printed JSON
```

For multi-statement logic, use an IIFE (immediately invoked function expression):

```bash
plwr eval "(() => {
  const rows = document.querySelectorAll('table tr');
  return Array.from(rows).map(r => r.cells[0]?.textContent);
})()"
```

Walk the DOM, gather computed styles, inspect layout:

```bash
plwr eval "(() => {
  const el = document.querySelector('.content');
  let node = el;
  const chain = [];
  while (node && chain.length < 6) {
    const cs = getComputedStyle(node);
    chain.push({
      tag: node.tagName,
      class: node.className,
      display: cs.display,
      width: cs.width,
    });
    node = node.parentElement;
  }
  return chain;
})()"
```

Objects and arrays are returned as pretty-printed JSON. Primitives (strings,
numbers, booleans) are printed as plain text.

### DOM tree

```bash
plwr tree              # full page tree as JSON
plwr tree '.sidebar'   # subtree rooted at selector
```

### Screenshots

```bash
plwr screenshot
plwr screenshot --selector '.chart' --path chart.png
```

### Video

Record a session by passing `--video` to `start`. The video is saved when
`stop` is called. Non-webm formats (e.g. `.mp4`) require [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/).

```bash
plwr start --video recording.mp4   # start with video recording
plwr open https://example.com
# ... do stuff ...
plwr stop                          # saves recording.mp4
```

### Sessions

Run multiple independent browser sessions in parallel:

```bash
plwr -S session-a start
plwr -S session-b start
plwr -S session-a open https://example.com
plwr -S session-b open https://other.com
plwr -S session-a text h1   # Example Domain
plwr -S session-b text h1   # other.com's h1
plwr -S session-a stop
plwr -S session-b stop
```

## Selectors

Playwright uses its own selector engine that extends CSS. Most standard CSS
selectors work directly, but some advanced pseudo-classes need a `css=` prefix
to bypass Playwright's parser.

### Basics

```bash
plwr click '#submit-btn'                   # by id
plwr click '.btn.primary'                  # compound class
plwr click 'button'                        # by tag
plwr count 'input[type=email]'             # attribute match
plwr count 'input[type=text]'              # no quotes needed
```

### Combinators

```bash
plwr count '#list > li'                    # child
plwr count 'h1 + p'                        # adjacent sibling
plwr count 'h1 ~ p'                        # general sibling
plwr text '.card p'                        # descendant
```

### Attribute selectors

Unquoted attribute values work directly. For quoted values, use the `css=`
prefix (see [css= prefix](#css-prefix) below).

```bash
plwr count 'a[data-external]'             # has attribute
plwr count 'a[href^=/]'                   # starts with
plwr count 'a[href$=.pdf]'                # ends with
plwr count 'a[href*=example]'             # contains
plwr count '[data-testid=login-form]'      # exact match (no quotes)
```

### Pseudo-classes that work without prefix

```bash
plwr click 'li:first-child'
plwr click 'li:last-child'
plwr text '#list li:nth-child(2)'          # second item
plwr count '#list li:nth-child(odd)'       # 1st, 3rd, ...
plwr count 'li:not(.done)'
plwr count '.card:has(img)'
plwr count 'div:empty'
plwr count 'input:checked'
plwr count 'input:disabled'
plwr count 'input:enabled'
plwr count 'input:required'
```

### Playwright extensions

These are Playwright-specific and don't exist in standard CSS:

```bash
plwr click ':has-text("Sign in")'          # contains text
plwr click 'text=Sign in'                  # text shorthand
plwr click 'li.item >> nth=0'             # first match (0-based)
plwr click 'li.item >> nth=-1'            # last match
plwr text ':nth-match(li.item, 2)'         # alternative to nth=
plwr count 'button:visible'               # only visible elements
plwr text 'tr:has-text("Bob") >> td.name'  # chain with >>
```

The `>>` operator chains selectors — each segment is scoped to the previous
match. You can mix CSS and Playwright engines:

```bash
plwr text '#data-table >> tr:has-text("Alice") >> td.status'
```

### css= prefix

Playwright's selector parser auto-detects whether a string is CSS, XPath, or a
Playwright selector. Some valid CSS pseudo-classes confuse the auto-detection
because Playwright tries to interpret parenthesized arguments or quoted strings
as its own syntax. Prefixing with `css=` forces native CSS evaluation.

**Need `css=` prefix:**

| Selector | Example |
|----------|---------|
| `:last-of-type` | `css=.list span:last-of-type` |
| `:first-of-type` | `css=.list p:first-of-type` |
| `:nth-of-type()` | `css=span:nth-of-type(2)` |
| `:nth-last-child()` | `css=li:nth-last-child(1)` |
| `:is()` | `css=:is(.card, .sidebar)` |
| `:where()` | `css=:where(.card, .sidebar) > p` |
| Quoted `[attr="val"]` | `css=[data-testid="login-form"]` |

```bash
plwr text 'css=.mixed span:last-of-type'
plwr text 'css=li:nth-of-type(2)'
plwr count 'css=:is(.card, .sidebar)'
plwr text 'css=[data-testid="login-form"] button'
```

**Work without prefix** (Playwright recognizes these natively):

`:nth-child()`, `:first-child`, `:last-child`, `:not()`, `:has()`, `:empty`,
`:checked`, `:disabled`, `:enabled`, `:required`, `:visible`, `:has-text()`,
`text=`, `>> nth=N`.

### Strict mode

Playwright locators are strict by default — if a selector matches multiple
elements, commands like `text`, `click`, and `attr` will fail. Use `>> nth=N`
or `:nth-match()` to pick one:

```bash
plwr text 'li.item'                        # fails if >1 match
plwr text 'li.item >> nth=0'              # first match
plwr text ':nth-match(li.item, 2)'         # second match (1-based)
plwr count 'li.item'                       # count always works
plwr exists 'li.item'                      # exists always works
```

### Shell quoting

Watch out for shell metacharacters in selectors. The `$` in `$=` will be
interpreted by bash if not single-quoted:

```bash
plwr count "a[href$=.pdf]"                # ✗ bash eats the $
plwr count 'a[href$=.pdf]'                # ✓ single quotes
```

## Example: cctr e2e test

Before (with raw `playwright-cli run-code`):

```
===
send a message
===
./pw --session=e2e run-code "async page => {
  const input = await page.waitForSelector('.chat-input', { timeout: 2000 });
  await input.fill('Hello agent');
  await page.keyboard.press('Enter');
  await page.waitForFunction(() => {
    const msgs = document.querySelectorAll('[data-role=assistant]');
    return Array.from(msgs).some(m => m.textContent.includes('Hi'));
  }, { timeout: 5000 });
}"
---
```

After (with `plwr`):

```
===
send a message
===
plwr fill '.chat-input' 'Hello agent'
plwr press Enter
---

===
agent responds
===
plwr wait '[data-role=assistant]:has-text("Hi")' -T 10000
---
```

Commit message:

add dialog command documentation to README

README.md, after:

# plwr

`plwr` (prounounced [_PLUR_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PLUR)) is a Playwright CLI for browser automation using CSS selectors. Built on [playwright-rs](https://github.com/padamson/playwright-rust).

```bash
plwr start                     # Started session 'default'
plwr open https://example.com
plwr text h1                   # Example Domain
plwr attr a href               # https://iana.org/domains/example
plwr stop                      # Stopped session 'default'
```

## Install

### Homebrew

```bash
brew install andreasjansson/tap/plwr
```

### Crates.io

```bash
cargo install plwr
```

### Dependencies

Requires Playwright:

```bash
npm install -g playwright && npx playwright install chromium
```

For video conversion to non-webm formats, install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/).

## Usage

Start a browser session, navigate, interact, and stop:

```bash
plwr start                      # start headless browser
plwr open https://example.com   # navigate to URL
plwr text h1                    # Example Domain
plwr stop                       # shut down browser
```

### Environment variables

| Variable | Effect |
|----------|--------|
| `PLAYWRIGHT_HEADED` | Set to any value to run the browser with a visible window |
| `PLWR_SESSION` | Default session name (default: `default`) |
| `PLWR_TIMEOUT` | Default timeout in ms (default: `5000`) |

All commands take `-S`/`--session` and `-T`/`--timeout` as global options,
which override the environment variables.

### Starting and stopping

`start` launches the browser. All other commands require a running session.
Use `--headed` (or the `PLAYWRIGHT_HEADED` env var) to show the browser window.

```bash
plwr start                             # headless
plwr start --headed                     # visible browser window
plwr start --video recording.mp4       # record video of session
plwr stop                              # shut down (saves video if recording)
```

Commands that interact with page content (`text`, `click`, `wait`, `eval`,
etc.) require a page to be open first via `plwr open`. Commands that configure
the session (`header`, `viewport`) work before any page is opened.

### Navigation

`open` navigates the current page within the existing browser context. Headers,
cookies, and other state are preserved across navigations. There is no separate
`goto` command — `open` always reuses the same context. If you need a fresh
context, use `plwr stop` followed by `plwr start` and `plwr open`.

```bash
plwr open "https://example.com"
plwr reload
plwr url
```

### Waiting

```bash
plwr wait .my-element
plwr wait-not .loading-spinner -T 10000
plwr wait-any '.success' '.error' '.timeout'   # prints first match
plwr wait-all '.header' '.sidebar' '.content'
```

### Interaction

All interaction commands (`click`, `fill`, `hover`, `check`, etc.) auto-wait
for the element to appear and become actionable before performing the action,
up to the timeout (`-T`, default 5000ms). You rarely need an explicit
`plwr wait` before an interaction — just use the interaction directly:

```bash
plwr click '#submit-btn'                 # waits for button, then clicks
plwr fill '#name-input' 'Alice' -T 10000 # waits up to 10s, then fills
```

```bash
plwr click '#submit-btn'
plwr fill '#name-input' 'Alice'
plwr press Enter
plwr press Control+c
plwr dblclick '.editable-cell'   # double-click
plwr hover '.dropdown-trigger'   # hover (for tooltips, menus)
plwr focus '#search'             # focus an element
plwr blur '#email'               # unfocus an element
plwr scroll '.footer'            # scroll element into view
```

Supported keys for `press`: `a`–`z`, `A`–`Z`, `0`–`9`, `Backspace`, `Tab`,
`Enter`, `Escape`, `Space`, `Delete`, `Insert`, `ArrowUp`, `ArrowDown`,
`ArrowLeft`, `ArrowRight`, `Home`, `End`, `PageUp`, `PageDown`, `F1`–`F12`,
`Control`, `Shift`, `Alt`, `Meta`, and any US keyboard character
(`` !@#$%^&*()_+-=[]{}\\|;:'",./<>?`~ ``). Chords use `+`: `Control+c`,
`Shift+Enter`, `Meta+a`.

### Checkboxes and radios

```bash
plwr check '#agree-terms'        # check a checkbox or radio
plwr uncheck '#newsletter'       # uncheck a checkbox
```

### Select dropdowns

```bash
plwr select '#country' us               # select by value
plwr select '#country' --label 'Canada' # select by visible text
plwr select '#colors' red green blue    # multi-select
```

### Querying

Like interaction commands, `text`, `attr`, `inner-html`, and `input-value`
auto-wait for the element to appear before reading its value.

```bash
plwr text h1                     # print textContent
plwr inner-html '.content'       # print innerHTML (preserves tags)
plwr attr a href                 # print attribute value
plwr input-value '#email'        # print value of input/textarea/select
plwr computed-style '.box' display width  # print computed CSS properties
plwr count '.list-item'          # print number of matches
plwr exists '.sidebar'           # exit 0 if found, 1 if not
```

### Headers

Set extra HTTP headers sent with every request. Headers persist across
navigations within the same session. Can be set before or after `open`.

```bash
plwr header CF-Access-Client-Id "$CLIENT_ID"
plwr header CF-Access-Client-Secret "$CLIENT_SECRET"
plwr open "$WORKER_URL"          # headers sent automatically
plwr header --clear              # remove all extra headers
```

### Cookies

```bash
plwr cookie session_id abc123    # set on current page's URL
plwr cookie token xyz --url https://example.com
plwr cookie --list               # list all cookies as JSON
plwr cookie --clear              # remove all cookies
```

### Viewport

```bash
plwr viewport 1280 720          # desktop
plwr viewport 375 667           # iPhone SE
```

### File uploads

```bash
plwr input-files 'input[type=file]' photo.png
plwr input-files '#upload' a.txt b.txt c.txt   # multiple files
plwr input-files '#upload'                      # clear selection
```

### Dialogs (alert, confirm, prompt)

Handle native browser dialogs. The `dialog` command registers a one-shot
handler for the **next** dialog — call it **before** the action that triggers
the dialog, because dialogs block page execution until handled.

```bash
plwr dialog accept                # click OK on the next alert or confirm
plwr dialog dismiss               # click Cancel on the next confirm or prompt
plwr dialog accept 'Alice'        # type 'Alice' into a prompt, then click OK
```

Typical flow:

```bash
plwr dialog accept                # arm the handler
plwr click '#delete-btn'          # triggers confirm() → auto-accepted
plwr text '#result'               # page updated after dialog closed
```

For `prompt()` dialogs, the text argument to `accept` is entered into the
prompt's input field. If omitted, the prompt is accepted with an empty string.
`dismiss` clicks Cancel, returning `null` to the page.

### Console logs

Capture browser console output (log, warn, error, info, debug). Messages
are automatically captured from page load onward, including messages logged
before your code runs.

```bash
plwr console                     # print all captured messages as JSON
plwr console --clear             # clear the log buffer
```

Each entry includes `level`, `ts` (timestamp in ms), and `args` (array of
stringified arguments).

### Computed styles

```bash
plwr computed-style h1                          # all computed styles as JSON
plwr computed-style '.box' display width color  # specific properties
```

### JavaScript

Simple expressions are evaluated directly:

```bash
plwr eval "document.title"
plwr eval "({a: 1, b: [2, 3]})"   # returns pretty-printed JSON
```

For multi-statement logic, use an IIFE (immediately invoked function expression):

```bash
plwr eval "(() => {
  const rows = document.querySelectorAll('table tr');
  return Array.from(rows).map(r => r.cells[0]?.textContent);
})()"
```

Walk the DOM, gather computed styles, inspect layout:

```bash
plwr eval "(() => {
  const el = document.querySelector('.content');
  let node = el;
  const chain = [];
  while (node && chain.length < 6) {
    const cs = getComputedStyle(node);
    chain.push({
      tag: node.tagName,
      class: node.className,
      display: cs.display,
      width: cs.width,
    });
    node = node.parentElement;
  }
  return chain;
})()"
```

Objects and arrays are returned as pretty-printed JSON. Primitives (strings,
numbers, booleans) are printed as plain text.

### DOM tree

```bash
plwr tree              # full page tree as JSON
plwr tree '.sidebar'   # subtree rooted at selector
```

### Screenshots

```bash
plwr screenshot
plwr screenshot --selector '.chart' --path chart.png
```

### Video

Record a session by passing `--video` to `start`. The video is saved when
`stop` is called. Non-webm formats (e.g. `.mp4`) require [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/).

```bash
plwr start --video recording.mp4   # start with video recording
plwr open https://example.com
# ... do stuff ...
plwr stop                          # saves recording.mp4
```

### Sessions

Run multiple independent browser sessions in parallel:

```bash
plwr -S session-a start
plwr -S session-b start
plwr -S session-a open https://example.com
plwr -S session-b open https://other.com
plwr -S session-a text h1   # Example Domain
plwr -S session-b text h1   # other.com's h1
plwr -S session-a stop
plwr -S session-b stop
```

## Selectors

Playwright uses its own selector engine that extends CSS. Most standard CSS
selectors work directly, but some advanced pseudo-classes need a `css=` prefix
to bypass Playwright's parser.

### Basics

```bash
plwr click '#submit-btn'                   # by id
plwr click '.btn.primary'                  # compound class
plwr click 'button'                        # by tag
plwr count 'input[type=email]'             # attribute match
plwr count 'input[type=text]'              # no quotes needed
```

### Combinators

```bash
plwr count '#list > li'                    # child
plwr count 'h1 + p'                        # adjacent sibling
plwr count 'h1 ~ p'                        # general sibling
plwr text '.card p'                        # descendant
```

### Attribute selectors

Unquoted attribute values work directly. For quoted values, use the `css=`
prefix (see [css= prefix](#css-prefix) below).

```bash
plwr count 'a[data-external]'             # has attribute
plwr count 'a[href^=/]'                   # starts with
plwr count 'a[href$=.pdf]'                # ends with
plwr count 'a[href*=example]'             # contains
plwr count '[data-testid=login-form]'      # exact match (no quotes)
```

### Pseudo-classes that work without prefix

```bash
plwr click 'li:first-child'
plwr click 'li:last-child'
plwr text '#list li:nth-child(2)'          # second item
plwr count '#list li:nth-child(odd)'       # 1st, 3rd, ...
plwr count 'li:not(.done)'
plwr count '.card:has(img)'
plwr count 'div:empty'
plwr count 'input:checked'
plwr count 'input:disabled'
plwr count 'input:enabled'
plwr count 'input:required'
```

### Playwright extensions

These are Playwright-specific and don't exist in standard CSS:

```bash
plwr click ':has-text("Sign in")'          # contains text
plwr click 'text=Sign in'                  # text shorthand
plwr click 'li.item >> nth=0'             # first match (0-based)
plwr click 'li.item >> nth=-1'            # last match
plwr text ':nth-match(li.item, 2)'         # alternative to nth=
plwr count 'button:visible'               # only visible elements
plwr text 'tr:has-text("Bob") >> td.name'  # chain with >>
```

The `>>` operator chains selectors — each segment is scoped to the previous
match. You can mix CSS and Playwright engines:

```bash
plwr text '#data-table >> tr:has-text("Alice") >> td.status'
```

### css= prefix

Playwright's selector parser auto-detects whether a string is CSS, XPath, or a
Playwright selector. Some valid CSS pseudo-classes confuse the auto-detection
because Playwright tries to interpret parenthesized arguments or quoted strings
as its own syntax. Prefixing with `css=` forces native CSS evaluation.

**Need `css=` prefix:**

| Selector | Example |
|----------|---------|
| `:last-of-type` | `css=.list span:last-of-type` |
| `:first-of-type` | `css=.list p:first-of-type` |
| `:nth-of-type()` | `css=span:nth-of-type(2)` |
| `:nth-last-child()` | `css=li:nth-last-child(1)` |
| `:is()` | `css=:is(.card, .sidebar)` |
| `:where()` | `css=:where(.card, .sidebar) > p` |
| Quoted `[attr="val"]` | `css=[data-testid="login-form"]` |

```bash
plwr text 'css=.mixed span:last-of-type'
plwr text 'css=li:nth-of-type(2)'
plwr count 'css=:is(.card, .sidebar)'
plwr text 'css=[data-testid="login-form"] button'
```

**Work without prefix** (Playwright recognizes these natively):

`:nth-child()`, `:first-child`, `:last-child`, `:not()`, `:has()`, `:empty`,
`:checked`, `:disabled`, `:enabled`, `:required`, `:visible`, `:has-text()`,
`text=`, `>> nth=N`.

### Strict mode

Playwright locators are strict by default — if a selector matches multiple
elements, commands like `text`, `click`, and `attr` will fail. Use `>> nth=N`
or `:nth-match()` to pick one:

```bash
plwr text 'li.item'                        # fails if >1 match
plwr text 'li.item >> nth=0'              # first match
plwr text ':nth-match(li.item, 2)'         # second match (1-based)
plwr count 'li.item'                       # count always works
plwr exists 'li.item'                      # exists always works
```

### Shell quoting

Watch out for shell metacharacters in selectors. The `$` in `$=` will be
interpreted by bash if not single-quoted:

```bash
plwr count "a[href$=.pdf]"                # ✗ bash eats the $
plwr count 'a[href$=.pdf]'                # ✓ single quotes
```

## Example: cctr e2e test

Before (with raw `playwright-cli run-code`):

```
===
send a message
===
./pw --session=e2e run-code "async page => {
  const input = await page.waitForSelector('.chat-input', { timeout: 2000 });
  await input.fill('Hello agent');
  await page.keyboard.press('Enter');
  await page.waitForFunction(() => {
    const msgs = document.querySelectorAll('[data-role=assistant]');
    return Array.from(msgs).some(m => m.textContent.includes('Hi'));
  }, { timeout: 5000 });
}"
---
```

After (with `plwr`):

```
===
send a message
===
plwr fill '.chat-input' 'Hello agent'
plwr press Enter
---

===
agent responds
===
plwr wait '[data-role=assistant]:has-text("Hi")' -T 10000
---
```
